{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 NO, I just want you to read this. This is what I am trying to build. Some of the "tech stack ideas" are outdate already, but it will give you an idea of the product. I am a film music compsoer. The end game is this: (This is primarily for composers and video editors, but the long game is a new format for music files inc licensing etc) Phase 1: 1. Extract music info from video file: mood, tempo, style, instrumentation etc 2. works as standalone and as plugin in various music and video programs 3. Outputs a "cue sheet" for music. 4. Can also analyze and output this, like: 10 mins of "sad" music, 15 mins of "Action music" etc 5. Can output in various formats, like markers for Logic Pro X, EDL etc for importing in various editors. (Ideally also colour coded for Logic Pro for instance, so a composer can see what style all the cues are) Phase 2: 1. Connect with my own existing "music library" filled with music from old projects I worked on. (So if the program finds a song that is: "120bpm, sad, instrumentation piano and strings" it will look in my (Meta tagged) library and suggest new music. It can also import the files into Logic, Pro Tools etc) 2. Connect with other peoples libraries in the same manner. 3. Connect to AIs/LLMs that can "create" similar music". Maybe collaboration with SUNO etc. Phase 3: 4. For "video editors" using the service at this point, they should be able to license the music straight from the app. The license the gets printed to the meta data of that particular recording and creates a (NEW FORMAT) .dcs file Phase 4: 1. Use this as a extended format for film festivals etc to make sure that all music is licensed etc. I am rambling a bit here, this is not the full scope, but you get the gist of it. I could sell the backend to many library music companies and AI music companies. SO that they could use this to sell their music. "Automatic" film scoring. Can you help me clean up this line of thought? and create a useful .md for my case. Feel free to ask questions}